ET-3610 better documentation (#1021)
xaynetwork/xayn_discovery_engine: docs/source/index.rst

Xayn Api 
========

> The API allows you to integrate Xayn's Personalised Semantic Search and Recommendations service into your systems. 
> The API is divided into two parts: the back office and the front office. The back office allows you to manage everything related to documents. 
> The front office allows you to interact with the service to manage the users' interactions with the documents, request personalized documents, or perform searches. 

Reviewer: :art: phrasing
```suggestion
The API allows you to integrate Xayn's Personalised Semantic Search and Recommendations service into your systems. 
It is divided into two parts: the back office and the front office. The back office manages everything related to documents. 
The front office interacts with the service to manage the users' interactions with the documents, requests personalized documents, or performs searches. 
```
